
- I don't like phases, consider getting rid of them?
- Get rid of fingerprints.  They complicate stuff without adding a lot of
    value.
- Add stage dependencies.  This is a dependency type where the dependent
    migration can not be installed in the same upgrade as the depended
    upon migration.
    - The assumption is we do a blue-green deployement between stages.
    - We keep a stage number on the database, that gets incremented
        when we complete an upgrade (i.e. all migrations that aren't
        being held back to a later upgrade have been installed).  The
        table that holds what migrations have been applied also holds
        which stage (upgrade) they were applied in, so we can tell
        if it's ok to apply this migration that has stage dependencies.
        We only increment the counter when all dependencies have been
        successfully applied- so errors can be fixed and the stage
        retried.
    - Don't keep a number in the database.  The table holding what
        migrations are installed has a bool column, whether the
        migration was applied in the current stage or not.  When
        the stage is completed, we do a mass update to he table
        marking all the migrations installed on this stage as
        having been done on a previous stage.

- Ditch the toposort.  Instead, allow conccurrent schema updates.
    - The idea here is to have two mvars, a todo mvar and a done mvar.
        We have N (a user-specified number of) threads, all of which
        take a migration from to todo mvar, grab a connection from a
        pool, then apply the migration, return the connection to the
        pool, and put the completed migration (or the error if the
        migration failed) to the done mvar.

        On the other side of the mvars are three threads.  One of
        which takes migrations from the done mvar and adds them to
        and STM TQueue.  The main control thread takes the migrations
        from the done queue, and updates it's internal state calculating
        what new migrations can now be done.  It adds them to a priority
        queue of migrations in an STM TVar.  The third thread takes the
        highest priority migration from the priority queue in the TVar,
        and puts it in the todo mvar.  The two extra threads copying to/from
        the mvars prevent the thundering herd problem.
        - Phases makes the logic of the middle thread more complicated,
            yet another reason to ditch them.
        - Ditch the MVars and the threads reading/writing them.  Just
            have two TVars- one holding a queue (list) of completed
            migrations, and one holding a priority queue of migrations
            to be performed.  The thundering herd isn't a problem.
            Generally, the priority queue will be not empty, so migration
            applying threads won't retry on that TVar, they'll just grab
            a migration to apply and be on their merry.  And of course
            they will never block on completing a migration.  If the
            priority queue is empty, it's because of one of two reasons.
            One is that the thread taking completed migrations off the
            queue of completed migrations, and adding new migrations to
            the priority queue, is falling behind.  This will be rare,
            and when it happens, it will likely be adding many new migrations
            to the priority queue in a single operation.  In this case,
            the thundering herd is correct.  The other is that we're at
            the end of the stage, and running our of work to do.  In this
            case, the applying threads will wakeup just to exit.  In
            either case, the thundering herd isn't a problem.
    - Allow migrations to boost their priority, for long-running
        migrations.
        - Have an option where we randomly boost all priorities.
            This helps detect missing dependencies.  We don't want
            to do this in production, however, as it slows down
            migration application (real long-running migrations don't
            get started as soon as possible).  The idea here is to
            help find missing dependencies- two migrations that need
            to be explicitly ordered but aren't.  Under normal circumstances
            the two migrations can be implicitly ordered, just by how
            things turn out.  But sooner or later, the migration that
            just happens to be applied later will get it's priority
            boosted so that it gets applied sooner, and the missing
            dependency can be noticied.
- Ditch log levels, enable or disable specific log messages by type.
    - Have a enum of log message categories, which implements Bounded
        and Enum, then set the bits associated with the enum value
        in a word to test which log messages get printed.
        - We're going to want to keep a list of what migrations are
            currently being applied, and every so often if that list
            has changed, print out th new list.  This needs to be
            held in an MVar used as a critical section.  Printing
            out the starting/done migration messages needs to be in
            this critical section too.
                - The list should be kept in reverse order- most
                    recently started first.  Finishing a migration
                    filters the migration out of the list.  When
                    we print it off, we reverse the list.  The list
                    will never be more than N, the number of concurrent
                    migration applications we can apply, so doing an
                    O(N) filter of the list isn't a problem as the
                    list will never be that long (dosens?).

